README.md, before:


## mars-ai.github.io

This is a *Github Pages* of "Center for MARS Artificial Intelligence Research".

If you are a member of the center and need an edit permission for this repository, 
ask Dongkwan Kim(dongkwan.kim@kaist.ac.kr) to invite you to this organization. 

### Edit Publications & People Section

To edit **Publications** and **People** section, please edit [this Google Sheet document](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1fNsyhX-Ra-L9AEQ8uqEkyyCzdf7Erm66TFiyqcGOJL0/edit?usp=sharing). The content of this file is directly synchronized to this homepage. If you need edit permission for this repository, please ask Dongkwan Kim(dongkwan.kim@kaist.ac.kr).

### Set up

To set up a development environment for this project, follow the instructions below.

1. Make sure to install [node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) and [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install).
1. Run this command to install dependencies: `mars-ai.github.io$ yarn install`
1. Run this command to start development server: `mars-ai.github.io$ yarn start`
1. Open http://localhost:8080 in your web browser to see live transpiled version of your code locally served.
1. Edit code. Changes are reflected when you simply refresh the web page on the web browser.
1. Run this command to build the bundled JS file when you're done. `mars-ai.github.io$ yarn build`
1. Commit & push your change.

Commit message:

add readme content for custom markdown pages

README.md, after:


## mars-ai.github.io

This is a *Github Pages* of "Center for MARS Artificial Intelligence Research".

If you are a member of the center and need an edit permission for this repository, 
ask Dongkwan Kim(dongkwan.kim@kaist.ac.kr) to invite you to this organization. 

### Edit Publications & People Section

To edit **Publications** and **People** section, please edit Publications and People sheet of [this Google Sheet document](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1fNsyhX-Ra-L9AEQ8uqEkyyCzdf7Erm66TFiyqcGOJL0/edit?usp=sharing). The content of this file is directly synchronized to this homepage. If you need edit permission for this repository, please ask Dongkwan Kim(dongkwan.kim@kaist.ac.kr).

### Add & Edit Custom Markdown-based Webpage

To add and edit custom markdown-based webpages, Please edit Documents sheet of [this Google Sheet document](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1fNsyhX-Ra-L9AEQ8uqEkyyCzdf7Erm66TFiyqcGOJL0/edit?usp=sharing). The content of this file is directly synchronized to this homepage. Make sure you start the **path** value with `/`. e.g. `/nips2018`.

### Set up

To set up a development environment for this project, follow the instructions below.

1. Make sure to install [node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) and [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install).
1. Run this command to install dependencies: `mars-ai.github.io$ yarn install`
1. Run this command to start development server: `mars-ai.github.io$ yarn start`
1. Open http://localhost:8080 in your web browser to see live transpiled version of your code locally served.
1. Edit code. Changes are reflected when you simply refresh the web page on the web browser.
1. Run this command to build the bundled JS file when you're done. `mars-ai.github.io$ yarn build`
1. Commit & push your change.
